make "Supported AWS Regions" section generic by default (#162)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-documentation-base-common: planning_deployment.adoc

include::../{generateddir}/services/metadata.adoc[]

ifndef::disable_regions[]
==== Supported AWS Regions

ifndef::custom_supported_regions[]
include::../{includedir}/regions_default.adoc[]
endif::custom_supported_regions[]

ifdef::custom_supported_regions[]

> // Set the custom_supported_regions variable in _settings.adoc to include the content from regions.adoc in the "Supported AWS Regions" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// If the "Supported AWS Regions" section requires custom content (in partner-editable/regions.adoc) instead of the boilerplate content (in regions_default.adoc), uncomment the custom_supported_regions variable in _settings.adoc.
```

> // We can also pull in Regions automatically.

Author: this was already there before I started. It looks like there was a WIP effort to auto-populate region support content. I did not want to conflate house-keeping/cleanup with this pr. I agree this area could use a cleanup, but propose we create a separate issue/pr for housekeeping (perhaps review all of the boilerplate looking for other things that should be cleaned up and handle all in one pr)

> // We can also pull in Regions automatically.

Reviewer: I see your logic. It seems germane to me, though, to delete this comment as part of this PR. I see this PR as a refresh of our Region-related content and instructions based on what we now know. (I'm not aware of other housekeeping that's needed anyhow; I submit PRs as I notice things.)

> // We can also pull in Regions automatically.

Reviewer: P.S. I appreciate your reminder to keep PRs on point. :)

> // We can also pull in Regions automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> // We can also pull in Regions automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

==== Supported AWS Regions

ifndef::custom_supported_regions[]
include::../{includedir}/regions.adoc[]
endif::custom_supported_regions[]

ifdef::custom_supported_regions[]

> // Set custom_supported_regions variable in settings.adoc to enable partner_editable/regions.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Set the custom_supported_regions variable in _settings.adoc to include the content from regions.adoc in the "Supported AWS Regions" section.
```

> ifdef::template_not_all_regions[]

Reviewer: @jaymccon Does this variable (template_not_all_regions) still make sense to keep?

Author: I'm hesitant to remove it without scanning all quick start's for its presence. Without this we can't tell where it is being used, and if we remove it will break guides that do use it. My guess that if someone went through the trouble of adding a variable they likely used it somewhere.

Author: @andrew-glenn I see you added this, can you weigh in on whether it's safe to remove ?

Author: based on https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aaws-quickstart+template_not_all_regions&type=code I don't think any quick starts are using this. I will remove. @andrew-glenn please chime in if this is not the case.

Reviewer 2: Free to remove, can `git revert` later if we find ourselves on the undesired side of a blast radius
